_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

updated the picture and about me

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: M.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Purdue University

profile:
  align: left
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Purdue University</p>
    <p>West Lafayette, Indiana</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a Master's student in the [Elmore Family School of Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://engineering.purdue.edu/ECE) at [Purdue University](https://www.purdue.edu/). I am a member of the [Convergence Design Lab](https://engineering.purdue.edu/cdesign/wp/), under the supervision of Dr. Karthik Ramani. I am deep learning researcher with expertise in 3D/4D Reconstruction focusing on Human-Object Interaction and 4D scene editing. I specializes in integrating Gaussian Splatting and Diffusion Models to enhance the quality of 3D object reconstruction, driving innovation in fields such as XR and Digital Twins.
